This is a C++ starterbot for the AI Block Battle (Beta) competition at
theaigames.com.

It contains the basic structrues of the game, a parser for the commands emitted
by the game engine, an action generator and a basic AI that drops pieces to
random columns.

# Your AI

Start implementing your AI in `myai.h` and `myai.cpp`. The method that is
called for every `move` action is `makeSomeMoves`.  The starterbot contains
code from an early version of RandomDrop that drops the current piece to a
random column.

# The debug parser

An optional debug parser can be enabled during compilation with
`-DDEBUG_INTRFC`. The debug parser will skip non-command messages in the logs
generated by the engine so that the logs can be fed to the program unmodified.
When the debug parser is enabled, the program will also accept a file as input
instead of stdin which may be easier when running the program through a debugger.

The parser supports additional commands:

* `dump` will dump part of the current state of the game
* `quit` will exit the program
* `hello` will print `hi!`


# Build with make

In the terminal navigate to the source directory and type

    make 

or

    make debug

The binaries will be generated in the `build` subdirectory.  The debug version
will have the debug parser enabled (`-DDEBUG_INTRFC`).

Before switching from normal build to debug build or vice-versa, run `make
clean`.


# Build with CMake

    mkdir Build
    cd Build
    ccmake ..

The debug parser can be enabled by turning `DEBUG_INTERFACE` to `ON`.

Press `c` to process/verify the configuration files and `g` to genereate the
makefiles. If everything went well, type:

    make

To make project files for other build systems, see CMake documentation. You can
use cmake-gui instead of cmake where you can select the build system from a
drop-down list.

# Publish

To publish the bot it has to be zipped. You can prepare the zip file with

    make zip

which will create the file `xdata/bot.zip`. If you add new files to the bot,
don't forget to add them to `Makefile`.

